hey guys and just here and today i'm
going to be showing you guys how to do
raddimus is jim puzzle in pokemon reborn
this is a most current release and yeah
we're going to get right to it so the
first puzzle is pretty simple now I'm
not really good at chess but if you come
over here basically this I think Elias
will explain everything to you but since
i already know what I'm doing because
I've done this on my other file like I
have pictures of it already so basically
what you want to do is you want to UM
you want to I bleed to just called the
rook you want to push the rope over to
hear you want to put them on this black
tile right here and you want to push the
Queen up right there on to that black
top and there we go so then raddimus
will summon this trainer and yeah that's
pretty much all you have to do is pretty
much just defeat the trainer it's not
that tough the start so yeah all right
I'll cut back when we get to the next
puzzle alright so as you walk in just
cane starts talking to you and basically
you have to solve this one just puzzle
now so what you want to do is you want
to push the night up here and you want
to push them against the Black Knight
and then you want to push this rook up
here you want to push him up here and up
here and put them on top of the this
little guy right here that looks like a
scraggy then you want to push this guy
now this is annoying i think this guy
walks diagonally it's annoying oh i do
this damn
can you what how do I do this no this
right yeah there we go so when I push
them up to there and then I'll spawn
another trainer and then basically just
keep checking out the trainer's easy
this total of four times so don't don't
know what do you got get to you know
used to it so when you walk in here Luna
is here and she basically states that um
there's another puzzles infinitive
although I don't really care so this
one's pretty simple what you have to do
is you got to move these guys up because
you got to get this and you gotta pull
right up this guy to a night and then
what you want to do is you want to push
this guy up right there you want to
bring this night down and you want to
push him all the way over and bring him
up another same thing with this night
you want to bring him over here and
bring him up you there and then you want
to push this night up there and that's
pretty much like a do for this puzzle
and yep a bunch of random text it's not
really needed to know and then yeah
here's the next trainer so and pays on
what the hell her dark hair moves nerved
I guess not cuz it's there's one
shotting him I'm not sure um so yeah
that and there's this so as you walk in
here little will start talking to you
but since I are not sorry not Luna I'm
Gardevoir since I messed this up I have
to do it again but basically you want to
start by pushing this guy up here and
you want to push this night will
actually first you want to push this guy
up here go write him to a queen and you
want to get him out of the way for a bit
you want to push this night
up and I believe he goes right here if I
remember correctly we just look at this
picture yep so then that's what you
gotta do for him and then you want to
push this night up right here and then
you want to push this is going to be
annoying another one of these freaking
annoying bishops I think it's called
yeah there we go and you want to push
the Queen I next to this little scraggy
ok so what a pity we solved it and now
we gotta beat the strainer and I'm going
to keep captured in front cuz he's
healed up so yeah he's gonna send out
please don't kill me ok wobbuff l60 and
then yeah so here's the next oh that was
it ok well thank you guys for watching I
hope you guys thought found this
tutorial useful and yeah remember to
like the video and comment if you want
me to do any other tutorials because I
can figure these out I've done I played
this game multiple times I just found
the safe while so I decided to you know
come back and I did update episode so
now I have all new starters so I just
you know did that but I think you guys
for watching comment like and subscribe
and peace out